Welcome to day two of your training to become an advanced python programmer.
Today is a very special day because you are going to learn many factors that, despite being basic,
are fundamental for your future in this career.
So don't stop giving it your best as every day.
Today, you are going to create a program that works by itself, and this time we are going to work
with numbers.
You are going to create a commission calculator.
The employees of a company are going to use your program to find out how much they have earned in commissions
this month.
So let's be very careful about this.
As I said, keep in mind that the first programs you're going to create like today's are not going to
be super attractive or colorful or anything like that for now.
They're just going to be text on the screen.
To achieve today's goal, you're going to have to learn a few things first, for example, knowing the
different types of data that exists in Python, doing conversions between types of data, knowing what
variables are, knowing a bit more about how to format a string to be able to print it on the screen,
doing mathematical operations and also knowing how to round numbers.
So prepare your coffee, your tea, your bottle of water, or whatever it is that will give you energy
that you need to have your best day ever.
I'll be waiting for you in the next lecture to start an unforgettable day together.
Let's go.